During the process of making my fitness tracking application (FireFit), I was able to use AI tools such as ChatGPT to help debug and learn different ways I could write the code needed to give me the results I needed. AI helped bring my idea to life by helping me perfect certain code and use the Matplotlib library to make charts and graphs, which I had trouble doing at first. It also helped me to understand the programming ideas that I wanted to have as it relates to my app, so that my code was easily integrated within my program.
    One of the things about AI was that when I tried to fix certain problems, I would develop throughout writing the code. For example, when I was having trouble getting Matplotlib to work, Artificial Intelligence helped me figure out that the problem was with my Python setup, not the code itself. So I was able to fix my environment and get everything working again. It also took some time for me to change my settings to ensure that whatever codes I was inputting matched the settings in which my virtual environment was located. This, therefore, caused me to run additional code within my terminal to make sure that my code was fully functioning and working for my app.
    In order for me to learn, I made sure that, instead of copying and pasting code, I could understand the different ways in which I can achieve my goals. I stuck to code I was familiar with in order to ensure that I had mastered those codes before trying something more complex. This, therefore, helped me become better at solving problems, following the right syntax of the languages, and also build my confidence that I could make an application on my own.
    There were definitely some limitations to using AI, as suggestions would be too general or did not work with my project, so I had to conduct additional research and troubleshooting techniques to ensure that the code merged well with my application and achieved the specific goal I was aiming for in each step. Overall, AI was a valuable tool that helped to make my application. It helped me to fix the small bugs that I encountered and add features more quickly. In the end, this allowed me to confidently ensure that my application met all the requirements needed to work.